Another common data cleaning operation,
is splitting data, that's combined in one cell.
For example, suppose we have first and last names in the cells but are
going to want to sort or filter by just the first or just the last name later.
In that case, we're going to need a column for each.
So, it would be nice to have a first and last names split into two separate columns.
We can do this with the text to columns tool.
Before you start, think about how many columns you're going to end up with.
In this case, it's one column turning into two.
So, insert a blank column to make room.
Select your data set range.
It's okay to select whole columns.
Go to the Data menu and find, text to columns.
Once again, you'll have some choices to make in the dialog that opens.
Delimited means that the text you want to
separate has some character where the split should be.
After clicking next, choose which delimiter to split on.
We'll check the comma because our data is separated with commas.
Clicking next, there are some more advanced options but for our purposes,
we can just click Finish.